[Music]
you know you really need to get yourself
a pair jammies it's okay Oh some people
just don't understand boundaries the
story continues will sweat become the
new king of far far away whoa
yeah Wow will donkey ever be the same
I've been ever Kadampa into a fancy face
of second-rate sidekick donkey I feel
all exposed nasty what a rich spoiled
princess is wearing this season
[Music]
hey how's it gone and what's the one
thing every fairy tale villain wants to
know you you can't lie where is Shrek
you don't know where shrek is so you do
know where he wasn't where he is find
out the answers to these and other
burning questions
[Music]
DreamWorks Shrek the third I think that
went pretty well
[Music]